Main Goals: We intend to build a neural net system that will use some data/data set of nutritional labels (hereby referred to as Label(s)) and their corresponding list of ingredients. The goal is to be able to use only the Labels data to output the resulting ingredients. (Note: We do not intend to take images of labels and extract the words, we will be taking raw data of Labels) It is also important to note that we will attempt to run the net within the set of a single food group (i.e. grains) We may not see results that meet our standards right away, but as we experiment with our system and improve our parameters we hope to learn why our results changed for the better/worse. In doing so we hope to be able to fine tune the net to meet our needs and produce a useful output. Also, if we are able to attain our goal we could expand into another food group and see how we do with a broader/more diverse set of data.

Anticipated Neural Net Technologies: !!! Eric I know you hinted at this already in the slack message group so I will defer to you to start this, if we need to edit it or change the systems we use later on that's no big deal you can give us a starting point here and when we dive in we will be able to determine if it will work for us or if we need to adapt. !!!

Potential Data Sets: !!! Good luck finding the data sets you guys, if you don't manage to find any by the time you are done meeting then just post in the slack and we can get some located over the break, just make sure we describe the types of data sets we will use if you cant find any. Dr. Phillips mentioned briefly if we struggled with this part that he would point us in the right direction. !!!

Final Tests For Verification: We will test the data on data sets never seen by the net. !!!! For gan team members to edit. Here would be a great spot to include the accuracy we would be satisfied with. When looking at ingredient lists we will see tons of different ingredients that vary greatly and don't contribute much to the product. A perfect net would be able to identify all of these, I believe personally that a good goal would be to extract ingredients that contribute 5% or more to the food, maybe we can raise this number if we find it to be too difficult.!!!  
